index.md, before:

---
title: notes.8pit.net
---

Hi! 👋 I am [nmeum][mastodon], a computer programmer residing in Germany.
I am passionate about functional programming (mostly #Scheme# and #Haskell#), software security, and operating systems.
Further, I occasionally contribute to free and open source software projects such as [Alpine Linux][Alpine GitLab] or [Guix][Guix Commits].
I also run a Git server where I host my own [hobby projects][git.8pit.net] (mirrored on [GitHub]).
By day, I work as a computer science researcher, head to my [work homepage] for more information on that.

This site contains [selected notes][evergreen notes] of varying detail and quality.
They are loosely categorized using tag keywords and often cross-reference each other.
The site is generated from a [zk notebook][zk github] using [Hakyll], more information about the setup is [available separately](notes/c0p9).
Topicwise, the majority of notes concern themselves with all matters related to computing.
This includes—among other things—programs I have written, software I use, and configuration files for that software.

[mastodon]: https://chaos.social/@nmeum {rel=me}
[Alpine GitLab]: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/nmeum {rel=me}
[Guix Commits]: https://codeberg.org/guix/guix/commits/branch/master/search?q=author%3A%40soeren-tempel.net
[git.8pit.net]: https://git.8pit.net {rel=me}
[GitHub]: https://github.com/nmeum {rel=me}
[work homepage]: https://soeren-tempel.net/ {rel=me}
[zk github]: https://github.com/zk-org/zk
[Hakyll]: http://jaspervdj.be/hakyll
[evergreen notes]: https://notes.andymatuschak.org/Evergreen_notes

Commit message:

index.md: Mention digital gardens

index.md, after:

---
title: notes.8pit.net
---

Hi! 👋 I am [nmeum][mastodon], a computer programmer residing in Germany.
I am passionate about functional programming (mostly #Scheme# and #Haskell#), software security, and operating systems.
Further, I occasionally contribute to free and open source software projects such as [Alpine Linux][Alpine GitLab] or [Guix][Guix Commits].
I also run a Git server where I host my own [hobby projects][git.8pit.net] (mirrored on [GitHub]).
By day, I work as a computer science researcher, head to my [work homepage] for more information on that.

In the spirit of a [digital garden], this site contains [selected notes][evergreen notes] of varying detail and quality.
They are loosely categorized using tag keywords and often cross-reference each other.
The site is generated from a [zk notebook][zk github] using [Hakyll], more information is [available separately](notes/c0p9).
Topicwise, the majority of notes concern themselves with all matters related to computing.
This includes—among other things—programs I have written, software I use, and configuration files for that software.

[mastodon]: https://chaos.social/@nmeum {rel=me}
[Alpine GitLab]: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/nmeum {rel=me}
[Guix Commits]: https://codeberg.org/guix/guix/commits/branch/master/search?q=author%3A%40soeren-tempel.net
[git.8pit.net]: https://git.8pit.net {rel=me}
[GitHub]: https://github.com/nmeum {rel=me}
[work homepage]: https://soeren-tempel.net/ {rel=me}
[zk github]: https://github.com/zk-org/zk
[Hakyll]: http://jaspervdj.be/hakyll
[evergreen notes]: https://notes.andymatuschak.org/Evergreen_notes
[digital garden]: https://github.com/MaggieAppleton/digital-gardeners#readme
